Allow Modals to optionally ignore the `Close` button when determining where to place focus (#54296)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/modal/README.md

#### `focusOnMount`: `boolean | 'firstElement'`

If this property is true, it will focus the first tabbable element rendered anywhere within the modal.

If the value `firstElement` is used then the component will attempt to place focus

> within the Modal's **contents**, ignoring focusable nodes within the Modal's header. This is useful

Reviewer: As per the conversation had earlier today

```suggestion
within the Modal's **contents**, initially skipping focusable nodes within the Modal's header. This is useful
```
